Add detailed instructions for installing prerequisites on Windows (#33)
brown-ccv/honeycomb-docs: docs/quick_start.md

##### 1. Metadata

```json
{
 "name": "honeycomb",
 "description": "all-in-one task starter app with jsPsych + React + Electron + psiturk ",
 "author": {
   "name": "Brown CCV",
   "email": "ccv-bot@brown.edu",
   "url": "ccv.brown.edu"

>  },

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 }
```

I think you need to take out this comma to make the formatting happy?

Author: Oh yes, was missing an additional comma too! All fixed 😄

> }

Reviewer: I guess the dependencies here are just an example and not actually the dependencies since they update... I guess this is okay

    "test": "react-scripts test",
    "prebuild": "electron-rebuild",
    "build": "react-scripts build",
    ...

> }

Reviewer: Maybe check these are the scripts? Update them if they have been changed even though this is just an example?

Author: Yup, they're up to date!

```

The scripts section contains a number of commands you can run.

They are also presented in key/value pair where the key is the command name and value is the command we want to run.

_Checkout the [NPM Scripts](https://brown-ccv.github.io/honeycomb-docs/docs/npm_scripts) page for more information about the different scripts you can run._

### 4. Run the task in dev mode

> _Windows users must use a git bash terminal_

Reviewer: Maybe we can say for windows users we'd recommend using the git bash terminal. Do they actually have to use it?

Author: They have to use it, at least with the the scripts are set up right now. A bunch of the scripts use the `sleep` command which isn't available on Windows (command line or PowerShell) so the scripts will crash. Git bash is installed when you install git and uses all of the unix commands

Author: We could update the scripts in the honeycomb repo to work cross platform but I'm not really sure it'd be worth it? Would be a lot of testing and I'm not really sure what the end product is supposed to look like

Reviewer: Ah I see okay no worries !

    "test": "react-scripts test",
    "prebuild": "electron-rebuild",
    "build": "react-scripts build",
    ...
}
```

The scripts section contains a number of commands you can run.

They are also presented in key/value pair where the key is the command name and value is the command we want to run.

_Checkout the [NPM Scripts](https://brown-ccv.github.io/honeycomb-docs/docs/npm_scripts) page for more information about the different scripts you can run._

### 4. Run the task in dev mode

> Note: **Windows users must use a git bash terminal**

Reviewer 2: Does everyone know what a git bash terminal is? I feel like when I told this to people some where confused

Author: I could include a screenshot?

Reviewer 3: Maybe adding the instruction of opening the File explorer and searching git bash terminal to find it will help?

Reviewer 3: Oh nvm, screenshot looks great

### 8. Run automated tests

> When getting started, merging updates, or making custom changes, it's a good idea to run automated tests. These can tell you if things are working or if recent changes broke something that previously worked.

Reviewer: I think these sentences should be flipped.
```suggestion
Automated tests can tell a user whether the code is working as expected or if recent changes have broken previous functionality. When getting started, merging updates, or making custom changes, running automated tests is a good idea.
```
